data:0
normal:what a terrible fate...
normal:Day 0: BF has just dissapeared, and no one but GF has noticed. Wasn't he just in bed with her? Of course, DD doesn't care, and MM hasn't seen him either. Where did he go?
normal:Day 1: Suddenly, a finger was found on top of on of GF's drawers. Immediately she recognizes it as BF's right index finger, for lecherous reasons of course. This freaks her out, and DD finally takes a moment to give a fuck. Who the hell snuck in and placed BF's dismembered finger onto GF's drawer???
normal:Day 2: Another finger was found, this time a pinky finger, and this time found the dining room table of the Dearest family. This is getting personal, no friend, acquaintance, or even enemy of DD would go this far. And why BF? GF is constantly crying now, and MM has run out of patience as well. 
normal:Day 3: DNA tests have confirmed that the dismembered fingers belonged to the up-and-coming rap-star Boyfriend. And just as the results came in, another finger was found... Found WITH the papers that held the results. No demon, to DD's knowledge, could be powerful enough to cause this level of well-placed sheniganery...
normal:Day 4: Another day, another finger... This time, it was found by a family friend, who was told of by GF of BF's dissapearance, but wasn't aware his dismembered fingers suddenly appearing in random places. She tells GF this, and panic begins to spread. The entity doing this is now harrassing more than the Dearest family.
normal:Day 5: A thumb... Found in by an orange-haired ex of BF... He had been contacted by GF and told of the situation, and at that point, he was also searching for answers. Too bad all he found was just another dismembered part of his friend... 
normal:Day 6: Authorities were contacted about a dismembered thumb found on the old christmas display in the mall where the Dearest couple were playing as the Clauses. This case has now gone public.
normal:Day 7: The public were now becoming aware of BF's dissappearance, as yet another finger was found in that same mall. Of course, everyone suspected DD was behind it, since he was always known to dilike BF after he beat him at his own game that one time... But would DD really go that far?
normal:Day 8: Just as investigators were digging their heels into the case, yet another finger was found in the mall. DD and crew surrendered the rest of the "evidence" they had found, which were simply all the other fingers they had found collectively. By the end of the day, all of BF's fingers would be collected, and the locations and people involved recorded.
normal:Day 9: Things are only taking a turn for the worse, 