data:5
bgm:sonata scary:2.5
loud:(You can press the ESC-key to skip these cutscenes)
normal:Blitz: ...
normal:Blitz: I'm sure you'd much prefer if we spent our time together like this.
normal:Blitz: Or perhaps not, you're quite loyal aren't you?
normal:Blitz: Oh well.
change:1
normal:Blitz: Instead here we are, illusions of hope gone, the final strands of sanity soon to slip.
normal:Blitz: Soon there will be endless torment for eternity, suffering for the one who has lost everything.
normal:Blitz: But you? You will soon die, puppet...
normal:Blitz: However-
normal:Blitz: You will not die until after I remove your fingers.
normal:Blitz: Your toes, your hands, your feet, your forearms, your calves, your shoulders, your thighs, your teeth, your ribs, your organs, your heart, your soul.
normal:Blitz: They will to continue to find parts of your body for years to come-
normal:Blitz: And you will not die until the very last bit of you is found.
normal:Blitz: Perhaps then you will you understand in modicum, the full extant of this horror you brought about with your existance.
change:1
normal:Blitz: Is this fair? Is this karmic?
normal:Blitz: You had no choice in this turn of events either, so who am I to judge?
normal:Blitz: Most of the time, I am a good judge, I hunt those who hurt others in a way that cannot be described.
normal:Blitz: But now?
change:1
normal:Blitz: I resent my fairness, I reject my decency.
normal:Blitz: I dress for this black hunt, I dance for this cursed funeral.
normal:Blitz: For I mourn for what we've lost, and for all that will never be.
normal:Blitz: For my sister whose future was taken from her.
normal:Blitz: For my elder sibling, whom can no longer exist in peace.
normal:Blitz: For me, whose choices meant nothing
normal:Blitz: But I shall continue to dance my special dance, chained and bound to a causality chosen for me.
normal:Blitz: For who else can dance the dance I wish to dance?
normal:Blitz: This dance I chose, yet have already been given by force.
change:1
normal:Blitz: Enough of this.
normal:Blitz: Sing for me, puppet.
normal:Blitz: Tell me for what reason I dance to this endless sonata.
normal:Blitz: Speak the following words on every single mistake you make-
normal:Blitz: " They mourn for what they've lost. "