data:1
normal:???: ...
normal:???: We are now connected.
normal:???: Greetings player.
normal:Sain: I am Sain.
normal:Sain: The details need not concern you, player.
normal:Sain: You have brought a devastating epiphany upon my precious children, even if totally outside of your control.
normal:Sain: It will be up to you to console them.
normal:Sain: Ah but it won’t be so easy, you see.
normal:Sain: They all cope with such mind-breaking issues in their own ways, which will affect just how terribly difficult their “boss levels” will be.
normal:Sain: Hmm...
normal:Sain: I see, I have no input in making it easier for you.
normal:Sain: All I am able to do is provide advice...
normal:Sain: No, actually, I am able to create “False” versions of my children, so that you may practice against a simple copy of them.
normal:Sain: Know that practicing against my false copies will not help anyone other than you, I suppose. 
normal:Sain: What a conundrum.
normal:Sain: Oh my unfortunate children...
normal:BF: I want to help them.
normal:Sain: Oh, now that IS strange.
normal:Sain: Can the puppet make its own choices?
normal:BF: I don't know what the funk is happening, and I don't care!
normal:BF: But if I can help, then I will!
normal:Sain: ...
normal:Sain: From the player's perspective, you, puppet, will only die as many times as they lose while controlling you.
normal:BF: Yeah, and? I already know that.
normal:Sain: But from YOUR perspective...
normal:Sain: You will be killed an uncountably infinite amount of times.
normal:Sain: You will be forced to endure an eternity of suffering, infinitely worse than what you have felt in your mortal life.
normal:Sain: And I cannot help you, in ANY way.
normal:Sain: Yet you still want to help my children?
normal:BF: What. THE. FUNK!
normal:BF: Don't YOU?! Don't you wanna help YOUR kids?
normal:BF: What kind of parent tries to discourage the only thing capable of helping their kids??
normal:Sain: ...
normal:Sain: Well, puppet, YOU may want to help, but does the player?
normal:BF: You better funkin' wanna help, bitch!
normal:BF: You're the one who got us ALL into this mess!
normal:Sain: ...
normal:Sain: Your move.